
I feel very happy to write this article after giving a try with integrating Paystack into one of my personal web project it really amazing finally having our own payment gateway that helps Nigerian merchants accept payments, because a lot of similar vendors like PayPal, Stripe etc. ban Nigerian merchants from accepting payments via their platforms.
Ok now let continue, do you know the best part? (You can start accepting payments even if your business expertise isn't yet registered awesome right? Chess :)
For Laravel developers checkout the <a href=”#”>laravel package</a> created by Prosper Otemuyiwa on how to implement with laravel. It’s a Laravel package that helps you integrate paystack’s payment with very clear directives and follow through.

PROJECT SOURCE
Here is the link to entire <a href=”#”>App Source</a> file

REQUIREMENTS
1 Paystack Account.
2 Your Paystack account public key.
3 Basic knowledge of HTML, CSS & JavaScript will definitely also help

HOW TO SIGN-UP TO PAYSTACK
You have to proceed to Paystack create an account then verify your sign up submitted data using a verification link sent to your email. Sign in to your new Paystack account. On your Paystack dashboard you will see your public and secret key. We will make use of them in this guide.
Creating Our HTML, CSS Files
The HTML file will be the markup for our checkout page where customer pays for our product. This page will include the entire summary of what the customer purchased via the app when  the Quick Pay button is clicked. We also link our CSS and JavaScript file appropriately.
The critical component in our index.html file is the Quick Pay Button with on-click attribute that triggers our JavaScript function payWithPaystack() .
 
HTML snippet of our Quick Pay button
We will link the Paystack JavaScript library and our own JavaScript to this html file.
Like so:
 
You can take a look at the structure of our index.html and style.css files.
CREATING OUR JAVASCRIPT FILE
Don't forget JavaScript is the core of this guide. Create a JavaScript file with any name of your choice. For this guide we will name it paystackApp.js
Now let’s create our payWithPaystack() function. This function is where we finalize our payment setup before calling the Paystack’s payment modal.
Setup requires you add your own public key gotten from Paystack, your customer’s email, phone number and the amount the customer is supposed to pay.
Note: Remember to always add double zero to every amount a customer is supposed to pay. This is an equivalent of the Nigerian Kobo.
 
Now about callback function. It is this function where we check if a customer was charged successfully or not by sending Jquery post request using the transaction reference. Every transaction has its own unique key generated by the Paystack API.
After the setup, we will now use our setup to call the openIframe() function. As seen below :
 
Now our payWithPaystack() function should look like shown below:
 Here is the link to entire <a href=”#”>App Source</a> file
Now if you've followed this guide from the start then its time to test our app. open your index.html file on your web browser.
 
Click on the Quick Pay button
 
Click the first select option (Success Ends in 4081) to complete the checkout form.
Click Pay

Paystack will displays every transaction on your Paystack account dashboard.
<a href=”#”> Here is the link to the Github repository of this tutorial </a>
<a href=”#”> Here is the link to Paystack laravel package by Prosper Otemuyiwa for Laravel.
I love your feedback, so I can create more cool stuff.
If you love what I just did you can also send a request to show you :
Next: How To Verify Paystack Payment Transaction With PHP and jQuery


# Paystack-Payout-

This is for integrating Paystack payout system for any website using jQuery and PHP.
To get started you need to sign up on [Paystack](https://dashboard.paystack.com) website.
Follow my tutorial on [Meduim](https://medium.com/@akomzeejex/) for more infomation on how to setup Paystack payment.
